README.md, before:

MongoDb Aggregation Framework In Action !
=========================================

# Campings dataset

## Group by ranking

Query :

    db.campings.aggregate([
        {$group : {_id : "$ranking", total : {$sum : 1}}}
    ])

Results :

    { "_id" : "5 étoiles", "total" : 177 }
    { "_id" : "4 étoiles", "total" : 940 }
    { "_id" : "3 étoiles", "total" : 2224 }
    { "_id" : "2 étoiles", "total" : 1681 }
    { "_id" : "1 étoile", "total" : 389 }

## Top 5 cities with the highest number of campings

Query :

    db.campings.aggregate([
        {$group : {_id : "$city", total : {$sum : 1}}},
        {$sort : {total : -1}},
        {$limit : 5},
        {$project: {_id: 0, city : "$_id", total: 1}}
    ])

Results :

    { "_id" : "ARGELÈS-SUR-MER", "total" : 29 }
    { "_id" : "AGDE", "total" : 23 }
    { "_id" : "VIAS", "total" : 20 }
    { "_id" : "SAINT-JEAN-DE-MONTS", "total" : 20 }
    { "_id" : "LES MATHES", "total" : 17 }

## Number of cities with only one camping

Query :

    db.campings.aggregate([
        {$group : {_id : "$city", total : {$sum : 1}}},
        {$match : {total : 1}},
        {$group: {_id: null, count: {$sum: 1 }}},
        {$project: {_id: 0, count: 1}}
    ])

Results :

    { "count" : 2802 }

Commit message:

Add a script to run all importers

README.md, after:

MongoDb Aggregation Framework In Action !
=========================================

# How to import datasets?

This is very simple! All you have to do is tu run the script `run-all-importers.sh`

# Campings dataset

## Group by ranking

Query :

    db.campings.aggregate([
        {$group : {_id : "$ranking", total : {$sum : 1}}}
    ])

Results :

    { "_id" : "5 étoiles", "total" : 177 }
    { "_id" : "4 étoiles", "total" : 940 }
    { "_id" : "3 étoiles", "total" : 2224 }
    { "_id" : "2 étoiles", "total" : 1681 }
    { "_id" : "1 étoile", "total" : 389 }

## Top 5 cities with the highest number of campings

Query :

    db.campings.aggregate([
        {$group : {_id : "$city", total : {$sum : 1}}},
        {$sort : {total : -1}},
        {$limit : 5},
        {$project: {_id: 0, city : "$_id", total: 1}}
    ])

Results :

    { "_id" : "ARGELÈS-SUR-MER", "total" : 29 }
    { "_id" : "AGDE", "total" : 23 }
    { "_id" : "VIAS", "total" : 20 }
    { "_id" : "SAINT-JEAN-DE-MONTS", "total" : 20 }
    { "_id" : "LES MATHES", "total" : 17 }

## Number of cities with only one camping

Query :

    db.campings.aggregate([
        {$group : {_id : "$city", total : {$sum : 1}}},
        {$match : {total : 1}},
        {$group: {_id: null, count: {$sum: 1 }}},
        {$project: {_id: 0, count: 1}}
    ])

Results :

    { "count" : 2802 }
